webUI/todoLy/LeftSection.java
 webUI.todoLy.LeftSection
webUI/factoryBrowser/BrowserStack.java
 webUI.factoryBrowser.BrowserStack
webUI/todoist/SelectTheme.java
 webUI.todoist.SelectTheme
apiRest/runner/MyStepsDefs.java
 apiRest.runner.MyStepsDefs
webUI/testClean/Ejercicio6.java
 webUI.testClean.Ejercicio6
webUI/todoist/RegisterSection.java
 webUI.todoist.RegisterSection
apiRest/configuration/Config.java
 apiRest.configuration.Config
apiRest/factoryRequest/Patch.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.Patch
webUI/testClean/Ejercicio4.java
 webUI.testClean.Ejercicio4
webUI/factoryBrowser/IBrowser.java
 webUI.factoryBrowser.IBrowser
webUI/factoryBrowser/Edge.java
 webUI.factoryBrowser.Edge
webUI/factoryBrowser/Chrome.java
 webUI.factoryBrowser.Chrome
webUI/todoist/MainPage.java
 webUI.todoist.MainPage
webUI/singletonSession/Session.java
 webUI.singletonSession.Session
webUI/controls/Image.java
 webUI.controls.Image
webUI/controls/TextBox.java
 webUI.controls.TextBox
apiRest/factoryRequest/IRequest.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.IRequest
webUI/controls/Button.java
 webUI.controls.Button
webUI/todoLy/MainPage.java
 webUI.todoLy.MainPage
apiRest/factoryRequest/Post.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.Post
apiRest/factoryRequest/Delete.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.Delete
webUI/factoryBrowser/FireFox.java
 webUI.factoryBrowser.FireFox
apiRest/factoryRequest/Put.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.Put
apiRest/utilsJson/JsonHelper.java
 apiRest.utilsJson.JsonHelper
webUI/controls/CheckBox.java
 webUI.controls.CheckBox
webUI/todoLy/LoginModal.java
 webUI.todoLy.LoginModal
apiRest/factoryRequest/Get.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.Get
webUI/todoLy/CenterSection.java
 webUI.todoLy.CenterSection
apiRest/runner/Runner.java
 apiRest.runner.Runner
webUI/controls/Control.java
 webUI.controls.Control
webUI/todoLy/MenuSection.java
 webUI.todoLy.MenuSection
webUI/controls/Label.java
 webUI.controls.Label
apiRest/factoryRequest/RequestInformation.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.RequestInformation
webUI/factoryBrowser/FactoryBrowser.java
 webUI.factoryBrowser.FactoryBrowser
webUI/testClean/Ejercicio5.java
 webUI.testClean.Ejercicio5
apiRest/factoryRequest/FactoryRequest.java
 apiRest.factoryRequest.FactoryRequest
webUI/ejercicio5/TestBaseTodoLy.java
 webUI.ejercicio5.TestBaseTodoLy
webUI/ejercicio5/Ejercicio5.java
 webUI.ejercicio5.Ejercicio5
webUI/ejercicios4y6/TestBaseTodoist.java
 webUI.ejercicios4y6.TestBaseTodoist
webUI/ejercicios4y6/Ejercicio4.java
 webUI.ejercicios4y6.Ejercicio4
webUI/todoist/LeftSection.java
 webUI.todoist.LeftSection
webUI/ejercicios4y6/Ejercicio6.java
 webUI.ejercicios4y6.Ejercicio6
